Add data extensions package with conditional action targets (#2420)
Shopify/ui-extensions: packages/data-extensions/README.md

# `@shopify/data-extensions`

This package contains the public type definitions and utilities needed to create a Shopify data extension.

## What is a data extension?

> A data extension is a JavaScript-based module that can hook in to client-side behaviors on Shopify’s first party UI surface areas. It differs from a UI extension in that it does not establish a long-lived channel or render any UI on the surface. It runs once and returns data.

Reviewer: Does it only run once? Don't we re-run if data changes?

Reviewer: I'm not suggesting we watch changes. I just think the wording could be confusing. The data extension gets executed once for the provided input data. However, it also re-runs when the data changes like (ex. navigate to another product). We also re-run the function whenever the merchant navigates back to the same resource since we don't cache results currently. Maybe we say:

```suggestion
A data extension is a JavaScript-based module that can hook in to client-side behaviors on Shopify’s first party UI surface areas. It differs from a UI extension in that it does not establish a long-lived channel or render any UI on the surface. It is a stateless function that executes and returns data.
```

Currently, this package contains the API for one surface.

- [`admin`](./src/surfaces/admin)

> All extensions, regardless of where they appear in Shopify, make use the same [underlying technology](../../documentation/how-extensions-work.md) and most of the same capabilities (e.g., direct API access, session tokens).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All extensions, regardless of where they appear in Shopify, make use of the same [underlying technology](../../documentation/how-extensions-work.md) and most of the same capabilities (e.g., direct API access, session tokens).
```

A data extension using “vanilla” JavaScript would be written as follows:

```ts
import {dataExtension} from '@shopify/data-extensions/admin';

> export default dataExtension(

Reviewer: I think we'd still want the wrapper around the global so we have the space to do additional things around it if needed. We could also call the global `dataExtension` as well. I think the reason why we had `extend` in the ui-extension package is because the wrapper differs between react (reactExtension) vs. vanilla (extension). In the case of data extension we don't have such differences.

cc @henrytao-me @developit  in case they have opinions
